# Authors
Authors: Siena diNatale, Mason Casebeer, Thomas Mourier
# Grounded Specifications
Our application, Grounded, is designed to be a mental wellness/accountability tracker with a coded To-Do list that gives the user the ability to check items off. We encourage users to implement healthy habits into their goals via the listed suggestions on the application. We help users set healthy goals and remind them to take breaks with screen time notifications that can be adjusted to their time preference. Grounded also includes a water tracker and personal timer that can be set and used on the application. Since we choose to focus the theme of Grounded towards mental wellness and productivity, we implemented a feature that provides motivational popups from the application. Our hope is to give users a laugh and inspire them to complete more goals. The platform Github is very user-friendly and allows you to import files of code into your repository from other platforms. This feature was crucial for group project work because it allowed for work on multiple devices. We found Github to be a better fit for our project because it was more suited for the external and GUI work that went into developing our application. The application was coded 100% with Java because it was the language the group was most proficient with. One concept many programmers face when building a project is the need to learn new things. Often learning new things can come with some challenges, but working through these roadblocks is the best way to learn. Needing to use features we had never prior to this project, like making a GUI with Jframe, and saving arrays with Serialization was an important challenge that helped us grow as programmers. We worked through these challenges by talking them out with each other, looking at examples from other systems software specialists who posted on sites like Stack Overflow, as well as reading documents about the subjects we struggled with.
